---
title: Carol Anne Eick 1955 - 2006
date: 2006-11-27T22:36:33.648Z
tags:
  - obituary
---
arol Anne Eick, 51, died of natural causes November 27, 2006 in San Diego, CA. 

Carol served as the Chief Operating Officer and Managing Partner of Orilio & Associates Inc., one of the nation's leading Hospitality and Gaming Consulting firms. 

Carol had a long relationship with the Hospitality Industry. After leaving the Marriott Hotel in 1990, she joined forces with W. F. Orilio and Associates, Inc., and was instrumental in bringing new reporting technology to the hospitality industry and helped shape the industry standards on customer service. 

In 1999 she joined forces with her brothers in Chicago developing "State of the Art" computer software. Her love for the beach and the sun brought her back to SD in 2003 where she joined Orilio & Associates. 

Carol devoted the last three years of her life to customer service consulting and to making the world a better place to eat, drink, stay and play. 

Carol had an amazing breadth of interests including reading, art, beauty, flowers, television, and the information age. She loved solving difficult problems - especially if computer technology was involved. She relished her walks on the beautiful beaches of San Diego. 

She is survived by her parents, Harry and Sally Eick, Traverse City, MI; six brothers: John (Suzanne), Sedona, AZ; Steve (Susan), Naperville, IL; Tim (Sandra), Williamsburg, VA; Chris (Paula), Phoenix, AZ; Peter (Carrie), Houston, TX; Andrew (Denise), Farmington Hills, MI; one sister, Rebecca (Michael) Reese, Traverse City, MI, and eleven nieces and nephews. 

She attended Michigan Technological University. A celebration of her life will be held Saturday, December 2nd at 12 p.m. at the Merkley-Mitchell Mortuary in San Diego. Donations may be sent to the San Diego Public Library, to the Carol Eick memorial fund. One of the things we most loved about Carol is that she enriched everyone around her. Carol will be deeply missed by all who were fortunate enough to have crossed paths with her.